Add multi-tenancy to C7 migration guide (#3075)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/guides/migrating-from-camunda-7/conceptual-differences.md

- Use the [REST protocol Connector](components/connectors/protocol/rest.md) to leverage an out-of-the-box Connector.
- Create a small bridging layer via custom [job workers](/components/concepts/job-workers.md).

### Multi-tenancy

:::note

> [Multi-tenancy](/self-managed/concepts/multi-tenancy.md) is currently in development for Camunda 8.

Reviewer: :thought_balloon: I assume we note this since we only support multi-tenancy for self-managed but not for SaaS/

:::

There are several differences between how [multi-tenancy](/self-managed/concepts/multi-tenancy.md) works in Camunda 7 and Camunda 8:

> 1. The one engine per tenant approach from Camunda 7 isn't possible with Camunda 8. Camunda 8 only provides multi-tenancy through a tenant identifier.

Reviewer: :wrench: Should we link to the [C7 docs that describe what this setup is](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/develop/user-guide/process-engine/multi-tenancy/#one-process-engine-per-tenant), so that users have a clearer picture if they use it or not?

Reviewer 2: Resolved in latest commit 👍

> 2. In Camunda 7, users can deploy shared resources (processes, decisions, and forms) to all tenants. In Camunda 8, there are no shared resources. This will be added in the future.

Reviewer: :wrench: The following is more correct:
```suggestion
2. In Camunda 7, users can deploy shared resources (processes, decisions, and forms) available to all tenants. In Camunda 8, there are no shared resources. This will be added in the future.
```

Since shared resources are not owned by a single specific tenant.

Reviewer 2: Resolved in latest commit 👍

3. In Camunda 7, data is mapped to a `null` tenant identifier, meaning by default resources are shared. In Camunda 8, data is mapped to the `<default>` tenant identifier when multi-tenancy is disabled.

> 4. Tenant checks in Camunda 7 can be disabled to perform admin/maintenance operations. This can't be done in Camunda 8, but an admin user can be authorized to all tenants, which would result in the same thing.

Reviewer: :wrench: We can link to the appropriate C7 docs here: https://docs.camunda.org/manual/develop/user-guide/process-engine/multi-tenancy/#disable-the-transparent-access-restrictions

Reviewer 2: Resolved in latest commit 👍

> 5. Users in Camunda 7 that are authorized for multiple tenants may perform a lot more operations without providing a `tenantId`. The Camunda 7 engine will try to infer the correct `tenantId` as much as possible. Tenant inference in the Zeebe broker doesn't happen in Camunda 8, and ask users to provide the `tenantId` explicitly.

Reviewer: :x: This point may be confusing to C7 users, as we never explicitly define "tenant inference" in the C7 docs. We only mention that if a user tries to trigger a command on a resource mapped to multiple tenants, an exception is thrown, and the `tenantId` must be implicitly provided (see subsections [here](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/develop/user-guide/process-engine/multi-tenancy/#run-commands-for-a-tenant)).

This implies tenant inference exists, but we only document the case when tenant inference isn't possible.

Reviewer 2: I adjusted in my latest commit, WDYT?

> 5. If a user tries to trigger a command on a resource mapped to multiple tenants in Camunda 7, an exception is thrown, and [the `tenantId` must be implicitly provided](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/develop/user-guide/process-engine/multi-tenancy/#run-commands-for-a-tenant). However, the Camunda 7 engine will try to infer the correct `tenantId` as much as possible. Users in Camunda 7 that are authorized for multiple tenants may perform a lot more operations without providing a `tenantId`. This inference in the Zeebe broker doesn't happen in Camunda 8, and ask users to provide the `tenantId` explicitly.

Reviewer: :x: I guess this is a typo:
```suggestion
5. If a user tries to trigger a command on a resource mapped to multiple tenants in Camunda 7, an exception is thrown, and [the `tenantId` must be explicitly provided](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/develop/user-guide/process-engine/multi-tenancy/#run-commands-for-a-tenant). However, the Camunda 7 engine will try to infer the correct `tenantId` as much as possible. Users in Camunda 7 that are authorized for multiple tenants may perform a lot more operations without providing a `tenantId`. This inference in the Zeebe broker doesn't happen in Camunda 8, and Zeebe asks users to provide the `tenantId` explicitly.
```
